doc: update docs for 3.3.1 (#28869)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-3.3.1.rst

.. _ncs_release_notes_331:

|NCS| v3.3.1 Release Notes
##########################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

|NCS| delivers reference software and supporting libraries for developing low-power wireless applications with Nordic Semiconductor products in the nRF52, nRF53, nRF54, nRF70, and nRF91 Series.
The SDK includes open source projects (TF-M, MCUboot, OpenThread, Matter, and the Zephyr RTOS), which are continuously integrated and redistributed with the SDK.

Release notes might refer to "experimental" support for features, which indicates that the feature is incomplete in functionality or verification, and can be expected to change in future releases.
To learn more, see :ref:`software_maturity`.

Highlights
**********

This patch release adds the following changes on top of the :ref:`nRF Connect SDK v3.3.0 <ncs_release_notes_330>`:

> #TODO

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added the following features as supported:

* Bluetooth®:

    * Support for Bluetooth Core version 6.3.
    * Added support for Channel Sounding Inline Phase Correction Term (CS IPT).
      This feature allows a CS Initiator to calculate distance without exchanging tone date over the ACL, enabling faster and more power-efficient distance estimation.
```

Author: updated.

See `known issues for nRF Connect SDK v3.3.1`_ for the list of issues valid for the latest release.

.. _ncs_release_notes_331_changelog:

Changelog
*********

The following sections provide detailed lists of changes by component.

Developing with nRF54L Series
=============================

* Updated builds without Partition Manager to generate the :file:`bootconf.hex` file when |NSIB| is used as the bootloader.

Samples
=======

This section provides detailed lists of changes by :ref:`sample <samples>`.

Bluetooth samples
-----------------

* Added the :ref:`channel_sounding_ipt_initiator` and :ref:`channel_sounding_ipt_reflector` samples to demonstrate how to use the Bluetooth Channel Sounding (CS) Inline Phase Correction Term Transfer (IPT) feature.

Peripheral samples
------------------

* :ref:`radio_test` sample:

  * Added the ``set_channel_sequence_hopping_mode`` shell command that allows for setting the hopping mode for the channel sequence.

Zephyr
======

The Zephyr fork in |NCS| (``sdk-zephyr``) contains all commits from the upstream Zephyr repository up to and including ``93b5f19f994b9a9376985299c1427a1630f6950e``.

> 

Author: @rlubos or @carlescufi  : Please check if the Zephyr updates are correct?

Reviewer 2: Looks correct

.. _ncs_release_notes_331:

|NCS| v3.3.1 Release Notes
##########################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

|NCS| delivers reference software and supporting libraries for developing low-power wireless applications with Nordic Semiconductor products in the nRF52, nRF53, nRF54, nRF70, and nRF91 Series.
The SDK includes open source projects (TF-M, MCUboot, OpenThread, Matter, and the Zephyr RTOS), which are continuously integrated and redistributed with the SDK.

Release notes might refer to "experimental" support for features, which indicates that the feature is incomplete in functionality or verification, and can be expected to change in future releases.
To learn more, see :ref:`software_maturity`.

Highlights
**********

This patch release adds the following changes on top of the :ref:`nRF Connect SDK v3.3.0 <ncs_release_notes_330>`.
The changes affect the nRF54L Series, Bluetooth®, and the Peripheral samples.

Added the following features as supported:

* Bluetooth:

  * Support for Bluetooth Core version 6.3.
  * Support for Channel Sounding Inline Phase Correction Term (CS IPT).

>     This feature allows a CS Initiator to calculate distance without exchanging tone date over the ACL, resulting in faster and more power-efficient distance estimation.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    This feature allows a CS Initiator to calculate distance without exchanging tone data over the ACL, resulting in faster and more power-efficient distance estimation.
```

   :widths: 15 10
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Library name
     - Version information
   * - Modem library
     - `Changelog <Modem library changelog for v3.3.1_>`_
   * - LwM2M carrier library
     - `Changelog <LwM2M carrier library changelog for v3.3.1_>`_

Known issues
************

Known issues are only tracked for the latest official release.
See `known issues for nRF Connect SDK v3.3.1`_ for the list of issues valid for the latest release.

.. _ncs_release_notes_331_changelog:

Changelog
*********

The following sections provide detailed lists of changes by component.

Developing with nRF54L Series
=============================

* Updated builds without Partition Manager to generate the :file:`bootconf.hex` file when |NSIB| is used as the bootloader.

Samples
=======

This section provides detailed lists of changes by :ref:`sample <samples>`.

Bluetooth samples
-----------------

* Added the :ref:`channel_sounding_ipt_initiator` and :ref:`channel_sounding_ipt_reflector` samples to demonstrate how to use the Bluetooth Channel Sounding (CS) Inline Phase Correction Term Transfer (IPT) feature.

Peripheral samples
------------------

* :ref:`radio_test` sample:

>   * Added the ``set_channel_sequence_hopping_mode`` shell command that allows for setting the hopping mode for the channel sequence.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  * Added the ``set_channel_sequence_hopping_mode`` shell command to set the hopping mode for the channel sequence.
```
